Update configure-cross-site-publishing.md (#1046)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: SharePoint/SharePointServer/administration/configure-cross-site-publishing.md

<a name="BKMK_Accessibility"> </a>

> [!NOTE]

> >  Because SharePoint Server runs as websites in Internet Information Services (IIS), administrators and users depend on the accessibility features that browsers provide. SharePoint Server supports the accessibility features of supported browsers. For more information, see the following resources: > [Plan browser support](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=246502)> [Accessibility for SharePoint 2013](/SharePoint/accessibility-guidelines)> [Accessibility features in SharePoint 2013 Products](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=246501)> [Keyboard shortcuts](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/keyboard-shortcuts-86d68234-7f1a-40fc-a3d6-4c39c7a5ddaf?ocmsassetID=HA010369395&CorrelationId=1313c2d0-6e28-43a4-bc2b-d7be614597f3&ui=en-US&rs=en-US&ad=US)> [Touch](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=246506)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>  Because SharePoint Server runs as websites in Internet Information Services (IIS), administrators and users depend on the accessibility features that browsers provide. SharePoint Server supports the accessibility features of supported browsers. For more information, see the following resources: > [Plan browser support in SharePoint 2013](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=246502)> [Accessibility guidelines in SharePoint Server 2016](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/accessibility-guidelines)> [Accessibility features in SharePoint Online](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=246501)> [Keyboard shortcuts](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/keyboard-shortcuts-86d68234-7f1a-40fc-a3d6-4c39c7a5ddaf?ocmsassetID=HA010369395&CorrelationId=1313c2d0-6e28-43a4-bc2b-d7be614597f3&ui=en-US&rs=en-US&ad=US)> [Windows Touch Gestures Overview](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=246506)
```
